now Joshua the son of nun sent out two
men from acacia Grove to spy secretly go
view the land especially Jericho
so they went and came to the house of a
harlot named Rahab and lobster and it
was told the king of Jericho behold
men have come here tonight from the
children of Israel to search out the
country so the king of Jericho sent to
Rhea bring out the men who have come to
you who have entered your house for they
have come to search out all the country
then the woman took the two men and hid
them yes the men came to me but I did
not know where they were from and it
happened as the gate was being shut when
it was dark that the men went out where
the men went I do not know pursue them
quickly for you may overtake them but
she had brought them up to the roof and
hidden them with the stalks of flax
which she had laid in order on the roof
then the men pursued them by the road to
the Jordan to the Fords and as soon as
those who pursued them had gone out they
shut the gate
now before they lay down she came up to
them on the roof and said to the men I
know that the Lord has given you the
land but the terror of you has fallen on
it
and that all the inhabitants of the land
are faint-hearted because of you for we
have heard how the Lord dried up the
water of the Red Sea for you when you
came out of Egypt and what you did to
the two kings of the amorite who were on
the other side of the Jordan Sion and
Arg whom you are surely destroyed and as
soon as we heard these things our hearts
melted
neither did there remain any more
courage in anyone because of you for the
Lord your God He is God in heaven above
and on earth beneath now therefore I beg
you
swear to me by the Lord since I have
shown you kindness that you also will
show kindness to my father's house and
give me a true token and speak my father
my mother my brother my sisters
[Music]
and deliver our lips from death our
lives for yours if none of you tell this
business of ours and it shall be when
the Lord has given us the land that we
will deal kindly and truly with you
[Music]
then she let them down by a rope through
the window for her house was on the city
wall she dwelt on the wall and she said
to them get to the mountain lest the
pursuers meet you hide there three days
until the pursuers have returned
afterward
you may go your way we will be blameless
of this oath of yours which you have
made a swear unless when we come into
the land you bind this line of scarlet
cord in the window through which you let
us down and unless you bring your father
your mother your brothers and all your
father's household to your own home so
it shall be that whoever goes outside
the doors of your house into the street
his blood shall be on his own head and
we will be guiltless and whoever is with
you in the house his blood shall be on
our head if a hand is laid on him and if
you tell this business of ours then we
will be free from your oath which you
made us where do your words
and she sent them away and they departed
and she bound the scarlet cord in the
window they depart him I went to the
mountain and stayed there three days
until the pursuers returned the pursuers
sawed them all along the way but did not
find them so the two men returned
descended from the mountain and crossed
over and they came to Joshua the son of
nun and told him all that had befallen
truly the Lord has delivered all the
land into our hands for indeed all the
inhabitants of the country are
faint-hearted because of us
[Music]